Go to 1:33 for the video
Well, before this video starts, it's time to commend you. I have a small group on the surface of the stream
Very nice to those who do not know this is basically like
Shortcut Function Hotkey It's very convenient. Whether you are from YouTube or Elgato washer always makes my life easier
So now for example, I have this button that allows me to register with OBS
I literally just click on this and I find one that registers very well. You can also convert them to a sound panel
I only have one bed
Brad Brad
You can do anything is also very good
Obviously there are so many different things you can do with music with this. Send Tweets instantly
I have all my most frequently used applications as hotkeys
Websites as well. I should not go to the main there right now
It is very easy to create many different functions. This thing is wonderful
I highly recommend checking it out and that's it. Check the video now. Good-bye
Okay
The spot does not look so wonderful Elgato stays on popping like the best products
I would buy 100% even if you are not sponsored with them
It's really pretty good, and it comes with a clamp in the stanch
So you can adjust it Change the height Change the direction by flipping it on your desk and BAM
You've got good lighting in your videos. That's true. very good
In addition, it will save a lot of money if you go with another brand I used to
You'll just pay more for no reason. Thank you Adam for taking care of this video
I interrupt something here look under my skirt. I can not raise this boy here
You know some things that you should not just
reconsidering
For obvious reasons. Nothing has improved. Bongo. Never. let's go
Come on give it to me and put it on its position
Well, the reason I play this
Shut up please. Hey, what's on top Pokemon? how are you?
Anyone puts brain death?
no are you
No
no no no no
Well, I was happy to see you
Yeah
Hello, We've received a younger device. There is forest forest. So let me become
I'm Jung, my God, that's changing everything
Oh, well, you look like 12 years old
The forest looks correct please
Start
I'm a hard guy, please guys, I got unsubscribed
No, I've blocked your team, I'm sorry
No, there is no apology, I'm interrupting something here in my skirt, and I can not raise this boy here
Is Penile Alarm Function?
Wait wait, do you want to see my penis? Oh hell yes
Yes, yes of course, of course
Do not tell me why?
Writing Writer
Jesus Christ is a good pizza in the end just abusing her
The type of pizza
What happens to a spider
Not much, not much
not much. that's cool. Do not do, I'm sorry I do not mean interrupt continued to do what you do
You got a big spider man
You're right there, my friend everyone is there, my friend
A large part is Jesus Christ. You did not hear about me
It's the real one you're going to then a big chuckle
Maybe my name should be kept hidden ninja twice I can not just do ninja
No, no, I have a lot of common misconceptions. Well, people just say
I do not know the ins and outs
Autism became an epidemic
Who said this? Well, it's time. Do not worry cosmetic surgery can do miracles
You're sure you're right. I'm going to do it. You are about to do plastic surgery
Yes really. Oh
Oh my God, I'm here blue now. Okay. Great. You thought anime like anyone else. Great. Hey, see, there's another one. I
I've never played Hey, hey
E A A of. Hey, Ukraine, I do
I understand what you do
This bullet I hit right in the ass Oh
Get
Hi guys, up, bro? Oh
Sorry, hey. Hey, what do you look at in the corner? you are fine
Sit down and sit down. Okay. Are you the killer? No, say it again. Are you the killer?
No, because I had already killed. Oh, yeah, you'll have how
Because there is a knife here
I can not shoot the gun. shoot. I do not shoot anyone. Uh
Katerham Ace think she will not miss, huh?
Well, let's do it, boy, this guy is fun and happy. Okay ,
Oh
It's the CaptainScarles of my favorite minecrafter
Hey man, what's up? What do you do?
What's up, oh, it's PewDiePie
Hell, yes. Goodbye everyone
Yes, oh yeah, this epic I love PewDiePie. Hey, where's Peter okay, where's Peter going? Oh
Oh no
Not 35
If you put a gun on PewDiePie put down the PewDiePie gun, do not do it
I have to be a boy from my time Come, my hand
Let's sing the rules of singing on please, okay
They are now
I do not like if you now look like you
Bridge and then you whinnies
One does not control a Holocaust to do so
PewDiePie, your preacher, however
We will stay here to watch out for Barrel Barrel. Hey no
BitBaby. Hit me with a broad face, Bro
Yes Yes
Be careful in your presence
Kidding me are you kidding me? you kiding me. This sounds like
How dare you, my God, no one is holding
You are the real
This is the real Phoenix
Is the real backbone. There is a real shaft placed in your hand if you return it
Who is the real 35? You took my brother?
You are
tell me
what happened
We will break the sub-game Jesus Christ. Yes, we broke it beautifully. You know, we broke Sarah
All right, Bro, it was a pleasure
But I hope you enjoyed this video like you did
I would also like to tell you guys that we accept pre-orders
For Itsuki last collection for the last time. Well, there will be another preorder then go forever
I think at least until the last chance today just check out Sookie's link in his description. Good-bye. Good-bye. Good-bye. Good-bye